<div><span style="font-size: 13px;">This research is published in IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement. The title of paper is Automatic Visual Detection System of Railway Surface Defects With Curvature Filter and Improved Gaussian Mixture Model.&nbsp;</span></div><div><br /></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">If you find any useful in your research, please consider citing:</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">@article{zhang2018automatic,</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">title={Automatic Visual Detection System of Railway Surface Defects With Curvature Filter and Improved Gaussian Mixture Model},</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">author={Zhang, Hui and Jin, Xiating and Wu, QM Jonathan and Wang, Yaonan and He, Zhendong and Yang, Yimin},</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">journal={IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement},</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">volume={67},</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">number={7},</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">pages={1593--1608},</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">year={2018},</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">publisher={IEEE}</span></div><div><span style="font-size: 13px; font-family: Arial;">}</span></div><div><br /></div><div><span style="font-size: 32px;"><b style="font-size: 24px;">Abstract</b></span></div><div><span style="color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: Arial; font-size: 13px;">Rails are among the most important components of railway transportation, and real-time defects detection of the railway is an important and challenging task because of intensity inhomogeneity, low contrast, and noise. This paper presents an automatic railway visual detection system (RVDS) for surface defects and focuses on several key issues of RVDS. First, in view of challenges such as complex condition and orbital reflectance inequality, we put forward a region-of-interest detection region extraction algorithm by vertical projection and gray contrast algorithm. In addition, a curvature filter equipped with implicit computing and surface preserving power is studied to eliminate noise and keep only the details. Then, an improved fast and robust Gaussian mixture model based on Markov random field is established for accurate and rapid surface defect segmentation. Additionally, an expectation-maximization algorithm is applied to optimize the parameters. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method performs well with both noisy and railway images, which enables identification and segmentation of the defects from rail surface, achieving detection performance with 92% precision and 88.8% recall rate on average, and is robust compared with the related well-established approaches.</span></div><div><br /></div><div><br /></div>
